charts/gotenberg/README.md, before:

# Gotenberg

[![Artifact Hub](https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url=https://artifacthub.io/badge/repository/gotenberg)](https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/maikumori/gotenberg)
![Version: 1.16.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-1.16.0-informational?style=flat-square) ![Type: application](https://img.shields.io/badge/Type-application-informational?style=flat-square) ![AppVersion: 8.26.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/AppVersion-8.26.0-informational?style=flat-square)

This is a HELM chart for Gotenberg.

Gotenberg provides a developer-friendly API to interact with powerful tools like Chromium and LibreOffice for converting numerous document formats (HTML, Markdown, Word, Excel, etc.) into PDF files, and more!

Upstream links:

- [Homepage](https://gotenberg.dev/)
- [Documentation](https://gotenberg.dev/docs/about)
- [GitHub](https://github.com/gotenberg/gotenberg)

## Get Repo Info

```console
helm repo add maikumori https://maikumori.github.io/helm-charts
helm repo update
```

## Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `my-release`:

```console
helm install my-release --namespace gotenberg maikumori/gotenberg
```

## Uninstalling the Chart

To uninstall/delete the `my-release` deployment:

```console
helm delete my-release
```

The command removes all the Kubernetes components associated with the chart and deletes the release.

## Upgrading Chart

```console
helm upgrade my-release maikumori/gotenberg --install
```

### Using a Newer Gotenberg Version

Chart releases are typically published when new features or breaking changes are added to Gotenberg that require chart modifications. However, you can use any version of Gotenberg by overriding the `image.tag` value.

To use a specific version of Gotenberg:

```console
helm upgrade --install my-release maikumori/gotenberg --set image.tag="8.23.0"
```

Or with the `--atomic` flag for automatic rollback on failure:

```console
helm upgrade --install --atomic my-release maikumori/gotenberg --set image.tag="8.23.0"
```

This allows you to stay current with Gotenberg releases without waiting for a new chart version, as there are typically no breaking changes between versions.

## Values

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| affinity | object | `{}` |  |
| api.basicAuthPassword | string | `nil` | Set the basic authentication password (ignored if existingSecret is set) |
| api.basicAuthUsername | string | `nil` | Set the basic authentication username (ignored if existingSecret is set) |
| api.bodyLimit | string | `""` | Set the request body limit for multipart/form-data (e.g., "100MB") |
| api.disableDownloadFrom | bool | `false` | Disable the download from feature |
| api.disableHealthCheckLogging | bool | `false` | Disable health check logging |
| api.downloadFromAllowList | string | `""` | Set the allowed URLs for the download from feature using a regular expression |
| api.downloadFromDenyList | string | `""` | Set the denied URLs for the download from feature using a regular expression |
| api.downloadFromMaxRetry | int | `4` | Set the maximum number of retries for the download from feature (default 4) |
| api.enableBasicAuth | bool | `false` | Enable basic authentication, see also the basicAuthUsername and basicAuthPassword values |
| api.enableDebugRoute | bool | `false` | Enable debug route for debugging purposes |
| api.existingSecret | string | `""` | Name of an existing secret containing basic auth credentials (keys: username, password) |
| api.existingSecretPasswordKey | string | `""` | Key in existingSecret for the password (default: password) |
| api.existingSecretUsernameKey | string | `""` | Key in existingSecret for the username (default: username) |
| api.port | int | `3000` | Set the port on which the API should listen (default 3000) |
| api.rootPath | string | `""` | Set the root path of the API - for service discovery via URL paths (default "/") |
| api.startTimeout | string | `""` | Set the maximum duration to wait for the API to start |
| api.timeout | string | `""` | Set the time limit for requests (default 30s) |
| api.tlsSecretName | string | `""` | Enables TLS on the API server: K8S TLS secret name containing the TLS certificate and key (tls.crt, tls.key) |
| api.traceHeader | string | `""` | Set the header name to use for identifying requests (default "Gotenberg-Trace") |
| autoscaling.behavior | object | `{}` |  |
| autoscaling.enabled | bool | `false` |  |
| autoscaling.extraMetrics | list | `[]` |  |
| autoscaling.maxReplicas | int | `100` |  |
| autoscaling.minReplicas | int | `1` |  |
| autoscaling.targetCPUUtilizationPercentage | int | `80` |  |
| chromium.allowFileAccessFromFiles | bool | `false` | Allow file:// URIs to read other file:// URIs |
| chromium.allowInsecureLocalhost | bool | `false` | Ignore TLS/SSL errors on localhost |
| chromium.allowList | string | `""` | Set the allowed URLs for Chromium using a regular expression |
| chromium.autoStart | bool | `false` | Automatically launch Chromium upon initialization if set to true; otherwise, Chromium will start at the time of the first conversion |
| chromium.clearCache | bool | `false` | Clear Chromium cache between each conversion. |
| chromium.clearCookies | bool | `false` | Clear Chromium cookies between each conversion. |
| chromium.denyList | string | `""` | Set the denied URLs for Chromium using a regular expression (default "^file:///[^tmp].*") |
| chromium.disableJavaScript | bool | `false` | Disable JavaScript |
| chromium.disableRoutes | bool | `false` | Disable the routes |
| chromium.disableWebSecurity | bool | `false` | Don't enforce the same-origin policy |
| chromium.hostResolverRules | string | `""` | Set custom mappings to the host resolver |
| chromium.ignoreCertificateErrors | bool | `false` | Ignore the certificate errors |
| chromium.incognito | DEPRECATED | `false` | Start Chromium with incognito mode. This flag is deprecated as of Gotenberg 8.25.0 and its value is ignored. |
| chromium.maxQueueSize | int | `0` | Maximum request queue size for Chromium. Set to 0 to disable this feature. |
| chromium.proxyServer | string | `""` | Set the outbound proxy server; this switch only affects HTTP and HTTPS requests |
| chromium.restartAfter | string | `""` | Number of conversions after which Chromium will automatically restart. Set to 0 to disable this feature |
| chromium.startTimeout | string | `""` | Maximum duration to wait for Chromium to start or restart |
| extraEnv | list | `[]` | List of extra environment variables for gotenberg container |
| fullnameOverride | string | `""` |  |
| gateway.annotations | object | `{}` | Annotations to add to the HTTPRoute |
| gateway.enabled | bool | `false` | Set to true to create an HTTPRoute resource |
| gateway.hostnames | list | `[]` | Hostnames to match for routing, see values.yaml for an example. |
| gateway.labels | object | `{}` | Labels to add to the HTTPRoute |
| gateway.parentRefs | list | `[]` | Parent Gateway references, see values.yaml for an example. |
| gotenberg.gracefulShutdownDurationSec | int | `30` | Set the graceful shutdown duration (default 30s) |
| gotenberg.hideBanner | bool | `false` | Hide the Gotenberg banner on startup |
| image.pullPolicy | string | `"IfNotPresent"` |  |
| image.repository | string | `"gotenberg/gotenberg"` |  |
| image.tag | string | `""` | Overrides the image tag whose default is the chart appVersion. |
| imagePullSecrets | list | `[]` |  |
| ingress.annotations | object | `{}` | Set the annotations of the ingress |
| ingress.className | string | `""` | Set the class name of the ingress |
| ingress.enabled | bool | `false` | Set to true to enable ingress record generation. WARNING: Gotenberg shouldn't be exposed to the internet. |
| ingress.hosts | list | `[]` | Set the hostnames of the ingress, see values.yaml for an example. |
| ingress.labels | object | `{}` | Set the labels of the ingress |
| ingress.tls | list | `[]` | Set the TLS configuration for the ingress, see values.yaml for an example. |
| initContainers | list | `[]` | List of init containers for the gotenberg pod |
| libreOffice.autoStart | bool | `false` | Automatically launch LibreOffce upon initialization if set to true; otherwise, LibreOffice will start at the time of the first conversion (default false) |
| libreOffice.disableRoutes | bool | `false` | Disable the routes |
| libreOffice.maxQueueSize | int | `0` | Maximum request queue size for LibreOffice. Set to 0 to disable this feature. |
| libreOffice.restartAfter | string | `""` | Number of conversions after which LibreOffice will automatically restart. Set to 0 to disable this feature (default 10) |
| libreOffice.startTimeout | string | `""` | Maximum duration to wait for LibreOffice to start or restart (default 10s) |
| livenessProbe | object | `{"httpGet":{"path":"/health","port":"http"}}` | Define the liveness probe object for the container. +docs:property livenessProbe: {} |
| logging.enableGcpFields | bool | `false` | Enable GCP log field mapping for Cloud Run |
| logging.enableGcpSeverity | bool | `false` | Enable GCP severity field mapping |
| logging.fieldsPrefix | string | `""` | Prepend a specified prefix to each field in the logs |
| logging.format | string | `""` | Set log format - auto, json, or text (default "auto") |
| logging.level | string | `""` | Set the log level - error, warn, info, or debug (default "info") |
| metrics.serviceMonitor.annotations | object | `{}` | Additional annotations for the service monitor |
| metrics.serviceMonitor.enabled | bool | `false` | Enable ServiceMonitor |
| metrics.serviceMonitor.honorLabels | bool | `false` | HonorLabels chooses the metric’s labels on collisions with target labels |
| metrics.serviceMonitor.interval | string | `nil` | Interval at which metrics should be scraped |
| metrics.serviceMonitor.jobLabel | string | `nil` | Optional job label for the target service in Prometheus |
| metrics.serviceMonitor.labels | object | `{}` | Additional labels for the service monitor |
| metrics.serviceMonitor.metricRelabelings | list | `[]` | List of metric relabel configs to apply to samples before ingestion |
| metrics.serviceMonitor.namespace | string | `nil` | Namespace for ServiceMonitor, defaults to release namespace |
| metrics.serviceMonitor.relabelings | list | `[]` | List of relabel configs to apply to samples before scraping |
| metrics.serviceMonitor.scrapeTimeout | string | `nil` | Timeout after which the scrape is ended |
| nameOverride | string | `""` |  |
| networkPolicy.allowEgress | bool | `true` |  |
| networkPolicy.allowIngress | bool | `true` |  |
| networkPolicy.enabled | bool | `false` |  |
| networkPolicy.extraEgress | list | `[]` |  |
| networkPolicy.extraIngress | list | `[]` |  |
| nodeSelector | object | `{}` |  |
| pdb.create | bool | `false` |  |
| pdb.maxUnavailable | string | `""` |  |
| pdb.minAvailable | int | `1` |  |
| pdb.unhealthyPodEvictionPolicy | string | `nil` | This is a beta feature, so it's not enabled by default. |
| pdfEngines.convertEngines | string | `""` | Set the PDF engines and their order for the convert feature (default libreoffice-pdfengine) |
| pdfEngines.disableRoutes | bool | `false` | Disable the routes |
| pdfEngines.embedEngines | string | `""` | Set the PDF engines and their order for the file embedding feature (default pdfcpu) |
| pdfEngines.encryptEngines | string | `""` | Set the PDF engines and their order for the password protection feature (default qpdf,pdftk,pdfcpu) |
| pdfEngines.engines | DEPRECATED | `""` | Set the PDF engines and their order. This flag was deprecated in Gotenberg 8.13.0 and its value is ignored. Use the per-feature engine flags instead (mergeEngines, splitEngines, flattenEngines, convertEngines, readMetadataEngines, writeMetadataEngines, encryptEngines, embedEngines). |
| pdfEngines.flattenEngines | string | `""` | Set the PDF engines and their order for the flatten feature (default qpdf) |
| pdfEngines.mergeEngines | string | `""` | Set the PDF engines and their order for the merge feature (default qpdf,pdfcpu,pdftk) |
| pdfEngines.readMetadataEngines | string | `""` | Set the PDF engines and their order for the read metadata feature (default exiftool) |
| pdfEngines.splitEngines | string | `""` | Set the PDF engines and their order for the split feature (default pdfcpu,qpdf,pdftk) |
| pdfEngines.writeMetadataEngines | string | `""` | Set the PDF engines and their order for the write metadata feature (default exiftool) |
| podAnnotations | object | `{}` |  |
| podLabels | object | `{}` | List of additional pod labels |
| podSecurityContext | object | `{}` |  |
| progressDeadlineSeconds | int | `120` |  |
| prometheus.collectInterval | string | `""` | Set the interval for collecting modules' metrics (default 1s) |
| prometheus.disableCollect | bool | `false` | Disable the collect of metrics |
| prometheus.disableRouterLogging | bool | `false` | Disable the route logging |
| prometheus.metricsPath | string | `""` | Set the metrics endpoint path (default "/prometheus/metrics") |
| prometheus.namespace | string | `""` | Set the namespace of modules' metrics (default "gotenberg") |
| readinessProbe | object | `{"httpGet":{"path":"/health","port":"http"}}` | Define the readiness probe object for the container. +docs:property readinessProbe: {} |
| replicaCount | int | `1` |  |
| resources | object | `{}` |  |
| securityContext | object | `{ privileged: false, runAsUser: 1001 }`, except in OpenShift where `runAsUser` is not set. | Define the security context for the container. By default will use upstream recommended values. |
| service.annotations | object | `{}` | Annotations to add to the service |
| service.port | int | `80` |  |
| service.type | string | `"ClusterIP"` |  |
| serviceAccount.annotations | object | `{}` | Annotations to add to the service account |
| serviceAccount.create | bool | `false` | Specifies whether a service account should be created |
| serviceAccount.name | string | `""` | The name of the service account to use. # If not set and create is true, a name is generated using the fullname template |
| startupProbe | object | `{"failureThreshold":30,"httpGet":{"path":"/health","port":"http"},"periodSeconds":10}` | Define the startup probe object for the container. +docs:property startupProbe: {} |
| strategy | object | `{}` |  |
| testPodAnnotations | object | `{}` | Set annotations for the helm test pods (for example to disable certain kube-score checks) |
| tolerations | list | `[]` |  |
| topologySpreadConstraints | list | `[]` |  |
| volumeMounts | list | `[]` |  |
| volumes | list | `[]` |  |
| vpa.create | bool | `false` | Create a VerticalPodAutoscaler resource for right-sizing pod resources. Requires the VPA controller to be installed in the cluster. See also: https://github.com/kubernetes/autoscaler/tree/master/vertical-pod-autoscaler |
| vpa.resourcePolicy | object | `{}` | Resource policy for VPA to control which containers and resources are autoscaled, see values.yaml for an example. |
| vpa.updateMode | string | `"Auto"` | Update mode for VPA: Auto (resize in-place or restart), Recreate (restart to resize), Initial (set at creation only), Off (recommendations only) |
| webhook.allowList | string | `""` | Set the allowed URLs for the webhook feature using a regular expression |
| webhook.clientTimeout | string | `""` | Set the time limit for requests to the webhook (default 30s) |
| webhook.denyList | string | `""` | Set the denied URLs for the webhook feature using a regular expression |
| webhook.disable | bool | `false` | Disable the webhook feature |
| webhook.enableSyncMode | bool | `false` | Enable synchronous mode for the webhook feature |
| webhook.errorAllowList | string | `""` | Set the allowed URLs in case of an error for the webhook feature using a regular expression |
| webhook.errorDenyList | string | `""` | Set the denied URLs in case of an error for the webhook feature using a regular expression |
| webhook.maxRetry | string | `""` | Set the maximum number of retries for the webhook feature (default 4) |
| webhook.retryMaxWait | string | `""` | Set the maximum duration to wait before trying to call the webhook again (default 30s) |
| webhook.retryMinWait | string | `""` | Set the minimum duration to wait before trying to call the webhook again (default 1s) |

Commit message:

Add testImage configuration for test pod
Fixes #81

charts/gotenberg/README.md, after:

# Gotenberg

[![Artifact Hub](https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url=https://artifacthub.io/badge/repository/gotenberg)](https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/maikumori/gotenberg)
![Version: 1.17.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-1.17.0-informational?style=flat-square) ![Type: application](https://img.shields.io/badge/Type-application-informational?style=flat-square) ![AppVersion: 8.26.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/AppVersion-8.26.0-informational?style=flat-square)

This is a HELM chart for Gotenberg.

Gotenberg provides a developer-friendly API to interact with powerful tools like Chromium and LibreOffice for converting numerous document formats (HTML, Markdown, Word, Excel, etc.) into PDF files, and more!

Upstream links:

- [Homepage](https://gotenberg.dev/)
- [Documentation](https://gotenberg.dev/docs/about)
- [GitHub](https://github.com/gotenberg/gotenberg)

## Get Repo Info

```console
helm repo add maikumori https://maikumori.github.io/helm-charts
helm repo update
```

## Installing the Chart

To install the chart with the release name `my-release`:

```console
helm install my-release --namespace gotenberg maikumori/gotenberg
```

## Uninstalling the Chart

To uninstall/delete the `my-release` deployment:

```console
helm delete my-release
```

The command removes all the Kubernetes components associated with the chart and deletes the release.

## Upgrading Chart

```console
helm upgrade my-release maikumori/gotenberg --install
```

### Using a Newer Gotenberg Version

Chart releases are typically published when new features or breaking changes are added to Gotenberg that require chart modifications. However, you can use any version of Gotenberg by overriding the `image.tag` value.

To use a specific version of Gotenberg:

```console
helm upgrade --install my-release maikumori/gotenberg --set image.tag="8.23.0"
```

Or with the `--atomic` flag for automatic rollback on failure:

```console
helm upgrade --install --atomic my-release maikumori/gotenberg --set image.tag="8.23.0"
```

This allows you to stay current with Gotenberg releases without waiting for a new chart version, as there are typically no breaking changes between versions.

## Values

| Key | Type | Default | Description |
|-----|------|---------|-------------|
| affinity | object | `{}` |  |
| api.basicAuthPassword | string | `nil` | Set the basic authentication password (ignored if existingSecret is set) |
| api.basicAuthUsername | string | `nil` | Set the basic authentication username (ignored if existingSecret is set) |
| api.bodyLimit | string | `""` | Set the request body limit for multipart/form-data (e.g., "100MB") |
| api.disableDownloadFrom | bool | `false` | Disable the download from feature |
| api.disableHealthCheckLogging | bool | `false` | Disable health check logging |
| api.downloadFromAllowList | string | `""` | Set the allowed URLs for the download from feature using a regular expression |
| api.downloadFromDenyList | string | `""` | Set the denied URLs for the download from feature using a regular expression |
| api.downloadFromMaxRetry | int | `4` | Set the maximum number of retries for the download from feature (default 4) |
| api.enableBasicAuth | bool | `false` | Enable basic authentication, see also the basicAuthUsername and basicAuthPassword values |
| api.enableDebugRoute | bool | `false` | Enable debug route for debugging purposes |
| api.existingSecret | string | `""` | Name of an existing secret containing basic auth credentials (keys: username, password) |
| api.existingSecretPasswordKey | string | `""` | Key in existingSecret for the password (default: password) |
| api.existingSecretUsernameKey | string | `""` | Key in existingSecret for the username (default: username) |
| api.port | int | `3000` | Set the port on which the API should listen (default 3000) |
| api.rootPath | string | `""` | Set the root path of the API - for service discovery via URL paths (default "/") |
| api.startTimeout | string | `""` | Set the maximum duration to wait for the API to start |
| api.timeout | string | `""` | Set the time limit for requests (default 30s) |
| api.tlsSecretName | string | `""` | Enables TLS on the API server: K8S TLS secret name containing the TLS certificate and key (tls.crt, tls.key) |
| api.traceHeader | string | `""` | Set the header name to use for identifying requests (default "Gotenberg-Trace") |
| autoscaling.behavior | object | `{}` |  |
| autoscaling.enabled | bool | `false` |  |
| autoscaling.extraMetrics | list | `[]` |  |
| autoscaling.maxReplicas | int | `100` |  |
| autoscaling.minReplicas | int | `1` |  |
| autoscaling.targetCPUUtilizationPercentage | int | `80` |  |
| chromium.allowFileAccessFromFiles | bool | `false` | Allow file:// URIs to read other file:// URIs |
| chromium.allowInsecureLocalhost | bool | `false` | Ignore TLS/SSL errors on localhost |
| chromium.allowList | string | `""` | Set the allowed URLs for Chromium using a regular expression |
| chromium.autoStart | bool | `false` | Automatically launch Chromium upon initialization if set to true; otherwise, Chromium will start at the time of the first conversion |
| chromium.clearCache | bool | `false` | Clear Chromium cache between each conversion. |
| chromium.clearCookies | bool | `false` | Clear Chromium cookies between each conversion. |
| chromium.denyList | string | `""` | Set the denied URLs for Chromium using a regular expression (default "^file:///[^tmp].*") |
| chromium.disableJavaScript | bool | `false` | Disable JavaScript |
| chromium.disableRoutes | bool | `false` | Disable the routes |
| chromium.disableWebSecurity | bool | `false` | Don't enforce the same-origin policy |
| chromium.hostResolverRules | string | `""` | Set custom mappings to the host resolver |
| chromium.ignoreCertificateErrors | bool | `false` | Ignore the certificate errors |
| chromium.incognito | DEPRECATED | `false` | Start Chromium with incognito mode. This flag is deprecated as of Gotenberg 8.25.0 and its value is ignored. |
| chromium.maxQueueSize | int | `0` | Maximum request queue size for Chromium. Set to 0 to disable this feature. |
| chromium.proxyServer | string | `""` | Set the outbound proxy server; this switch only affects HTTP and HTTPS requests |
| chromium.restartAfter | string | `""` | Number of conversions after which Chromium will automatically restart. Set to 0 to disable this feature |
| chromium.startTimeout | string | `""` | Maximum duration to wait for Chromium to start or restart |
| extraEnv | list | `[]` | List of extra environment variables for gotenberg container |
| fullnameOverride | string | `""` |  |
| gateway.annotations | object | `{}` | Annotations to add to the HTTPRoute |
| gateway.enabled | bool | `false` | Set to true to create an HTTPRoute resource |
| gateway.hostnames | list | `[]` | Hostnames to match for routing, see values.yaml for an example. |
| gateway.labels | object | `{}` | Labels to add to the HTTPRoute |
| gateway.parentRefs | list | `[]` | Parent Gateway references, see values.yaml for an example. |
| gotenberg.gracefulShutdownDurationSec | int | `30` | Set the graceful shutdown duration (default 30s) |
| gotenberg.hideBanner | bool | `false` | Hide the Gotenberg banner on startup |
| image.pullPolicy | string | `"IfNotPresent"` |  |
| image.repository | string | `"gotenberg/gotenberg"` |  |
| image.tag | string | `""` | Overrides the image tag whose default is the chart appVersion. |
| imagePullSecrets | list | `[]` |  |
| ingress.annotations | object | `{}` | Set the annotations of the ingress |
| ingress.className | string | `""` | Set the class name of the ingress |
| ingress.enabled | bool | `false` | Set to true to enable ingress record generation. WARNING: Gotenberg shouldn't be exposed to the internet. |
| ingress.hosts | list | `[]` | Set the hostnames of the ingress, see values.yaml for an example. |
| ingress.labels | object | `{}` | Set the labels of the ingress |
| ingress.tls | list | `[]` | Set the TLS configuration for the ingress, see values.yaml for an example. |
| initContainers | list | `[]` | List of init containers for the gotenberg pod |
| libreOffice.autoStart | bool | `false` | Automatically launch LibreOffce upon initialization if set to true; otherwise, LibreOffice will start at the time of the first conversion (default false) |
| libreOffice.disableRoutes | bool | `false` | Disable the routes |
| libreOffice.maxQueueSize | int | `0` | Maximum request queue size for LibreOffice. Set to 0 to disable this feature. |
| libreOffice.restartAfter | string | `""` | Number of conversions after which LibreOffice will automatically restart. Set to 0 to disable this feature (default 10) |
| libreOffice.startTimeout | string | `""` | Maximum duration to wait for LibreOffice to start or restart (default 10s) |
| livenessProbe | object | `{"httpGet":{"path":"/health","port":"http"}}` | Define the liveness probe object for the container. +docs:property livenessProbe: {} |
| logging.enableGcpFields | bool | `false` | Enable GCP log field mapping for Cloud Run |
| logging.enableGcpSeverity | bool | `false` | Enable GCP severity field mapping |
| logging.fieldsPrefix | string | `""` | Prepend a specified prefix to each field in the logs |
| logging.format | string | `""` | Set log format - auto, json, or text (default "auto") |
| logging.level | string | `""` | Set the log level - error, warn, info, or debug (default "info") |
| metrics.serviceMonitor.annotations | object | `{}` | Additional annotations for the service monitor |
| metrics.serviceMonitor.enabled | bool | `false` | Enable ServiceMonitor |
| metrics.serviceMonitor.honorLabels | bool | `false` | HonorLabels chooses the metric’s labels on collisions with target labels |
| metrics.serviceMonitor.interval | string | `nil` | Interval at which metrics should be scraped |
| metrics.serviceMonitor.jobLabel | string | `nil` | Optional job label for the target service in Prometheus |
| metrics.serviceMonitor.labels | object | `{}` | Additional labels for the service monitor |
| metrics.serviceMonitor.metricRelabelings | list | `[]` | List of metric relabel configs to apply to samples before ingestion |
| metrics.serviceMonitor.namespace | string | `nil` | Namespace for ServiceMonitor, defaults to release namespace |
| metrics.serviceMonitor.relabelings | list | `[]` | List of relabel configs to apply to samples before scraping |
| metrics.serviceMonitor.scrapeTimeout | string | `nil` | Timeout after which the scrape is ended |
| nameOverride | string | `""` |  |
| networkPolicy.allowEgress | bool | `true` |  |
| networkPolicy.allowIngress | bool | `true` |  |
| networkPolicy.enabled | bool | `false` |  |
| networkPolicy.extraEgress | list | `[]` |  |
| networkPolicy.extraIngress | list | `[]` |  |
| nodeSelector | object | `{}` |  |
| pdb.create | bool | `false` |  |
| pdb.maxUnavailable | string | `""` |  |
| pdb.minAvailable | int | `1` |  |
| pdb.unhealthyPodEvictionPolicy | string | `nil` | This is a beta feature, so it's not enabled by default. |
| pdfEngines.convertEngines | string | `""` | Set the PDF engines and their order for the convert feature (default libreoffice-pdfengine) |
| pdfEngines.disableRoutes | bool | `false` | Disable the routes |
| pdfEngines.embedEngines | string | `""` | Set the PDF engines and their order for the file embedding feature (default pdfcpu) |
| pdfEngines.encryptEngines | string | `""` | Set the PDF engines and their order for the password protection feature (default qpdf,pdftk,pdfcpu) |
| pdfEngines.engines | DEPRECATED | `""` | Set the PDF engines and their order. This flag was deprecated in Gotenberg 8.13.0 and its value is ignored. Use the per-feature engine flags instead (mergeEngines, splitEngines, flattenEngines, convertEngines, readMetadataEngines, writeMetadataEngines, encryptEngines, embedEngines). |
| pdfEngines.flattenEngines | string | `""` | Set the PDF engines and their order for the flatten feature (default qpdf) |
| pdfEngines.mergeEngines | string | `""` | Set the PDF engines and their order for the merge feature (default qpdf,pdfcpu,pdftk) |
| pdfEngines.readMetadataEngines | string | `""` | Set the PDF engines and their order for the read metadata feature (default exiftool) |
| pdfEngines.splitEngines | string | `""` | Set the PDF engines and their order for the split feature (default pdfcpu,qpdf,pdftk) |
| pdfEngines.writeMetadataEngines | string | `""` | Set the PDF engines and their order for the write metadata feature (default exiftool) |
| podAnnotations | object | `{}` |  |
| podLabels | object | `{}` | List of additional pod labels |
| podSecurityContext | object | `{}` |  |
| progressDeadlineSeconds | int | `120` |  |
| prometheus.collectInterval | string | `""` | Set the interval for collecting modules' metrics (default 1s) |
| prometheus.disableCollect | bool | `false` | Disable the collect of metrics |
| prometheus.disableRouterLogging | bool | `false` | Disable the route logging |
| prometheus.metricsPath | string | `""` | Set the metrics endpoint path (default "/prometheus/metrics") |
| prometheus.namespace | string | `""` | Set the namespace of modules' metrics (default "gotenberg") |
| readinessProbe | object | `{"httpGet":{"path":"/health","port":"http"}}` | Define the readiness probe object for the container. +docs:property readinessProbe: {} |
| replicaCount | int | `1` |  |
| resources | object | `{}` |  |
| securityContext | object | `{ privileged: false, runAsUser: 1001 }`, except in OpenShift where `runAsUser` is not set. | Define the security context for the container. By default will use upstream recommended values. |
| service.annotations | object | `{}` | Annotations to add to the service |
| service.port | int | `80` |  |
| service.type | string | `"ClusterIP"` |  |
| serviceAccount.annotations | object | `{}` | Annotations to add to the service account |
| serviceAccount.create | bool | `false` | Specifies whether a service account should be created |
| serviceAccount.name | string | `""` | The name of the service account to use. # If not set and create is true, a name is generated using the fullname template |
| startupProbe | object | `{"failureThreshold":30,"httpGet":{"path":"/health","port":"http"},"periodSeconds":10}` | Define the startup probe object for the container. +docs:property startupProbe: {} |
| strategy | object | `{}` |  |
| testImage | object | `{"repository":"busybox","tag":"latest"}` | Image configuration for the helm test pod |
| testImage.repository | string | `"busybox"` | Repository for the test image |
| testImage.tag | string | `"latest"` | Tag for the test image |
| testPodAnnotations | object | `{}` | Set annotations for the helm test pods (for example to disable certain kube-score checks) |
| tolerations | list | `[]` |  |
| topologySpreadConstraints | list | `[]` |  |
| volumeMounts | list | `[]` |  |
| volumes | list | `[]` |  |
| vpa.create | bool | `false` | Create a VerticalPodAutoscaler resource for right-sizing pod resources. Requires the VPA controller to be installed in the cluster. See also: https://github.com/kubernetes/autoscaler/tree/master/vertical-pod-autoscaler |
| vpa.resourcePolicy | object | `{}` | Resource policy for VPA to control which containers and resources are autoscaled, see values.yaml for an example. |
| vpa.updateMode | string | `"Auto"` | Update mode for VPA: Auto (resize in-place or restart), Recreate (restart to resize), Initial (set at creation only), Off (recommendations only) |
| webhook.allowList | string | `""` | Set the allowed URLs for the webhook feature using a regular expression |
| webhook.clientTimeout | string | `""` | Set the time limit for requests to the webhook (default 30s) |
| webhook.denyList | string | `""` | Set the denied URLs for the webhook feature using a regular expression |
| webhook.disable | bool | `false` | Disable the webhook feature |
| webhook.enableSyncMode | bool | `false` | Enable synchronous mode for the webhook feature |
| webhook.errorAllowList | string | `""` | Set the allowed URLs in case of an error for the webhook feature using a regular expression |
| webhook.errorDenyList | string | `""` | Set the denied URLs in case of an error for the webhook feature using a regular expression |
| webhook.maxRetry | string | `""` | Set the maximum number of retries for the webhook feature (default 4) |
| webhook.retryMaxWait | string | `""` | Set the maximum duration to wait before trying to call the webhook again (default 30s) |
| webhook.retryMinWait | string | `""` | Set the minimum duration to wait before trying to call the webhook again (default 1s) |
